# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting 2.11.2022 2H::0M

**Participants**: 
1. Roosa Ahlroos
2. Lauri Karanko
3. Severi Koivumaa
4. Karl Rass

## Summary of works
None of the members had done much prior work yet as the groups were
formed a day ago. We had all read the requirements for the project and the tower defense game but all of us felt a little bit overwhelmed about where to begin. 

## Challenges

1. The deadline for the project plan is 11th of november so a little over a week away. This means that we have to acquaint ourselves to what exactly has to be done (already written in the requirements) but more importantly what libraries should be used to implement those features.
2. After we have an understanding of what work needs to be done, we have to do the work division and write the project plan document.

## Actions
1. First we are going to reach out to our instructor to see when they could possibly meet with us.
2. We agreed that everyone would all research the tower defense game topic and try to find example implementations. This is important because it will give us a better understanding of the architecture of the program since none of us have designed a game before.
3. We will also look into the SFML and Qt libraries to see what opportunities they provide.

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Short summary of current project status. 

### TODOs
1. Everyone is going to research the libraries and ideas for implementation as identified above. We will also send out the email to our advisor before the end of this meeting.

# Meeting 08.11.2022 2H::49M

**Participants**: 
1. Roosa Ahlroos
2. Lauri Karanko
3. Severi Koivumaa
4. Karl Rass

## Summary of works
We met in Teams and started out with creating a shared Word document to get started with the project plan. We went over different classes and attributes that we think would be useful in addition to general rules of the game.

## Challenges

1. How to set up libraries
2. What classes to use
3. Should we use a tile system

## Actions
We will all continue writing out the plan and research more about the subject.

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
We have currently only worked on the project plan and added meeting notes.

### TODOs
1. Continue research into the subject
2. Meet again on Thursday and hopefully finish the plan 


# Meeting 11.11.2022 1H::4M

**Participants**: 
1. Roosa Ahlroos
2. Lauri Karanko
3. Severi Koivumaa
4. Karl Rass

## Summary of works
We finished the project plan and divided the work between the team members. The division is not done too strictly and will be up for discussion in the later meetings, when we have more of an idea just how much work they require.

## Challenges

1. Dividing the work into blocks of hopefully semi equal size
2. Getting started with actual coding

## Actions
1. Roosa will start work on the GUI
2. ... And Lauri with enemies-class
3. ... And Severi with both the game loop and level & tile classes
4. ... And Karl with towers-class and level design

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
We now have a base idea about what and who will be doing what. We have made decisions on some of the details of our game, but everything is still a work in progress.

### TODOs
The TODOs reflect the actions listed.


# Meeting dd.mm.2022 HH::MM

**Participants**: 
1. Member 1
2. Member 2
3. Member 3
4. Member 4 

## Summary of works
1. Member 1 
   
   Implementing the class XX. Tested the class XX. 
   Results are in `tests/<class-xx-tests>`. Resolved the identified problems.

2. Member 2

   Same as above

3. ...

## Challenges

1. The integration of UI with the monsters requires an abstract interface.
2. ...

## Actions
1. Member 1 is going to look into defining an abstract interface for monsters 
   to enable easy UI integration.
2. Member 2 is going to work with Member 1 to use abstract interface in derived 
   monster classes.
3. Member 2 is going to test the interface.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Short summary of current project status. 

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...